Yes, the next one is for Arvid.
How many times
does the Midgardworm go around Midgard?
- Mr. Tor, it's too easy!
- It bites itself in the tail. A round.
Just right, Arvid.
-Frøya, so nice!
-I'm doing it.
-What?
- Marry me with Orm.
So good.
Good choice. Smart.
On one condition:
I need to join your shepherd.
- You guys?
-I'll be on all trips.
I have to join
to loot and mutilate.
Yes, it might
be a little difficult.
-Why?
-Because ...
Partly because
the shepherd is full.
Hello, we can't
Have your friends in the yard.
-Why not?
-There are many reasons for that.
- Give me one, then.
-Girls can't fight.
-Yes it is true.
-And cruising is a lot about infringement.
- Rape is our trademark.
- Got it with me.
Are you going to argue with the ass?
It can't be done.
The kisses go in after all.
Frøya.
-Welcome abord.
-Thanks.
- See you on a cruise, then.
-But it's a wedding first, then.
The trick is not to look at the ladies,
pretend it is the most natural ...
It is no worse than that.
Single.
Hi, Arvid.
Do you drink lots of water?
No, it's mead.
We are full on day. Heard of it?
Drinking during the day,
it is the best filling.
Maybe a little irresponsible?
Since you are Olav's right hand.
You are such a wild bass as that
refuses to grow up and lives in the present.
But you have a boyish charm
which makes it impossible to get mad at you.
Yes, but that's it. Did you see
avoids all consequences -
- which could have been
a valuable lesson.
Then you only see if you change your mind
when you are forced to take responsibility.
-I doubt it!
-Propos it - I'll get married.
- Then I need a groom.
-Exactly.
-Olav. You should ask Olav about it.
-Yes, I did.
But he thought it would be unhealthy
for us to bond even stronger ties.
That I should tie ties
to others and blah-blah-blah.
So then I thought of you. I feel
that you and I have begun to find the tone.
No we have not. And it doesn't work,
because I don't believe in marriage.
I'm one of those kind
which goes from lady to lady.
A round burner that breaks hearts.
- At least in theory.
-So you're on board?
-No.
-You just have to think about it?
- No, I don't need it.
A little?
I do not want to.
It'll be great, there.
Ragnar!
Fy Odin, how nice you were now.
Really delicious you are.
-What?
For the ladies. Ladies' sweetie.
-I know.
-Looks like your masculine look.
You preach to the choir, but what do you want?
I'm going to get married, and then
is it that you need a friend -
- who has always been there,
and will always be there -
- and that stands as a support for me, -
- so if you want to do me
the honor of becoming my fiancee?
Yes, but then it's just the two of us.
So then the choice is very simple.
Eagle, will you do me
the great honor of being mine - the groom?
It can be a little difficult now, Orm.
I almost have to get the knife loose -
- and stop the bleeding.
- After that, then?
- Wound treatment and rehabilitation.
Finding rooms is difficult
to be your fiancee now.
Unfortunately.
Be silly, that.
Au ...
I wondered if maybe
you would be my fiancee?
OK, now they come.
Then we smile and show our best side.
Then the day has come.
Release day.
Who's done it
most deserving of being set free?
-Kark, you're always up there.
- No, no, others deserve it more.
Maybe one of the families?
They can create a full life.
That's a very nice point.
Arnstein slave?
You and your family have to work harder
than anyone else without complaining.
Quite exemplary, they say. You have
made you most deserving of freedom.
Oh! Is it true?
Thank you very, very much!
We have done everything we can to please you.
We really appreciate that!
And on a regular release day
I should have given you freedom now.
But this year it has
something a little special happened.
One here in the village has offered me
a considerable amount of silver -
- to release one particular slave,
and it is little honor to refuse it.
Olvar, do you want to come?
Can you tell us what you think?
Yes, it is
a little badly kept secret -
- that I've had a good eye
to one of you for a long time.
And she,
because it's a "she" -
- have let me try her
a good number of times.
And I have been
extremely well satisfied with.
It has been incredibly delicious ...
-You talk a little bit about the porridge now.
-Exactly.
Sorry.
Where was I?
The one I want to buy free -
- is Liv.
Life? What does he mean by that?
What is happening now?
Can you hold him for a while?
You're welcome.
Life, what's going on?
I'm the first to complain
that it stayed that way here.
But it's about me refusing
to compromise with myself.
The last thing I want is to hurt you.
- Don't do this, then.
Yes, but now Liv must
Think about Liv again.
The whole family could be released!
Think so traumatizing for the kids.
You, Liv have made his decision.
It's incredibly bad style of you
to push your kids in front of you like that.
I understand why she is
choose you away, to put it that way.
Do not take it personally.
Can't you be happy on my behalf?
I am going to be a big farmer's wife, and I can
don't have a bad conscience with me.
Good. You probably have enough to do.
Next year is another year.
Life!
Listen, she'll get enough
a backlash when she realizes -
- that social position and material
goods do not replace love.
- Do you think so?
-Yes. Love overcomes everything.
OK.
I do not know, but I am impressed
to see families being torn apart.
Although it's mundane now.
But slaves do not have feelings like us.
They are more like fish.
Yes, but I always have to
Think of the brother.
-Me?
-No. Our big brother.
- Do I have more brothers than you?
-I told you about Karl.
-Never heard of.
-Never heard of. Tell then.
Karl was a baby when Norheim was threatened,
and was sent north -
- to preserve the chief's blood.
To show that Karl
was heir to Norheim, -
- they tattooed
an N-rune on his back.
So traumatizing!
They do not drive and sew pillows
under the arms of the kids then.
It's a little unclear what happened.
I was born, so they forgot about him.
But there was a rumor that Karl
was captured and sold as a slave.
My own brother?
A slave from the north?
After all, that's a cruel thought.
Imagine if he's trolling around somewhere now!
-And speak a completely different dialect.
-Fun.
I was also sent north,
and I have a tattoo on my back ...
Don't mix your dirty slave story
with our proud family history.
It becomes totally reprehensible.
Sorry. It's just the affinity I've felt
that speaks.
We can sell you at any time,
so do not feel very belonging.
Sorry.
If this brother comes home
one day - will he be the chief?
Yes yes. On the rap.
And the wife becomes the chieftain?
Absolutely.
Right?
Hello.
We're looking for a Jarl Varg, we.
Is he home, maybe?
Jarl Varg.
Must be a pleasant one
and jovial type with rich hair.
- Really classic Viking hair.
-Do you start getting thin in the string?
Oi.
I'm Jarl Varg.
Now you're humming, Grandpa.
You do not fit the description.
-Can I help you with anything?
-Yes, we're looking for Jarl Varg.
This is Jarl Varg.
But he just is
an old, bald man.
For information is his weld
a conscious choice made by hair fashion.
-Do you call that hair fashion?
-Yes.
In a time where men
has long hair and a full beard -
- the hairlessness makes him
into a kind of rebel.
I agree with the theory,
But hair fashion is more complex.
It's about individualism.
Take me - I use my hair like that
accessories with a certain length in front.
Then you have a statement, then.
Man he has cut away everything.
It lacks credibility.
Zero content.
It's not hair fashion,
just a clean haircut.
A face tattoo to combine
the stuff - it could have been anything.
But ... What was I supposed to say?
Chief Olav of Norheim -
- wondering about Jarl Varg
have any plans for two full moons?
Two full moons?
Lets see.
Two full moons ...
No, Varg's prime looks open, of course.
So good. For Chief Olavs
little brother Orm is getting married.
Here is the invitation.
Then there will be stag parties
and a wedding party about two full moons.
No ... I'm busy.
I am busy.
I can see again, me.
Should we see, shall we see ...
No, it's completely open there.
Nothing on the agenda.
So I think wedding sounds good.
Now I have to take in Varg,
for it draws. So we'll see.
Yes. Bye for now.
-Yes, it's going so well.
-I was preoccupied ...
-Yes, Hildur. Something I can do?
- Just pull up the sack.
Should I be violated? I have flat lice,
ticks, mushrooms and infectious stuff -
- but think positively,
you will not be infected.
No, Kark, I should just
give yourself a break with the whip.
Well thought out.
Any special occasion?
It's mostly about having to
is reminded of its role in new and ne.
Clever thought. I got a little warm in
shirt, talk without being talked to.
Insert!
Perfect.
Not too much pain sounds now, then.
Au ...
And here we have a leaflet.
One of the finest.
Life, I'd appreciate if you were
a little more engaged in making herbarium.
Lord Tor, you are bored with me.
I almost miss slavery.
Surely that should not be possible.
-Yes?
-Yes, you have a visit.
So good.
Out with him, Arnstein. Life
don't like staring at her. Out!
When Pop!
Man, how quiet it was here, then.
Isn't that Arvid himself?
Norheim's faithful protector -
- and by far the most facial teat
person? What brings you here?
Worm should marry,
so we invite to a wedding.
How fun. After all, we are newly in love and
newlyweds themselves. Have you greeted Liv?
-No. Hello.
-Hi. Oi! That was his handshake.
Maybe something to learn here for you, Olvar?
To greet you is like picking
up a glass jug. With all due respect.
He would like to invite
to the stag team too.
Stag team - I've been to it.
Like a slave. Then it went away.
-Yes.
-Oh well.
Yes, it was hand hunters and finger-driving
and mating and so on -
- if you absolutely
I would have to be concrete.
-Yes, but ...
-Rape of slaves is after the book.
It is permissible in custom.
But you probably have many to visit ...
Can't handle the heat,
so get out of the kitchen!
Or the family room,
to be more timely.
- It seemed like a nice lady, that.
-Yes absolutely. Slightly sharp at the edges.
But she thinks so very well.
She is very good at the bottom.
She just needs to
some time to adjust.
"Tempted", right? It is not
just to suddenly become human.
- After many years as a sub-human.
-Of course.
So that's the best thing
that has happened to me.
But I have a small job
to do there, I see it.
It will be alright.
But see you at the stag team, then!
I just have to take
a little round with Liv on it.
But I expect it ...
She's so good at things like that.
See you there!
He's not coming.
Guaranteed.
We'll see.
Oh! Au ...
Like that.
Then I think we were there, me.
- Enjoy yourself then, Kark.
-Thanks.
Chief Olav?
It's something I've gnawed at
a little on, so can I talk openly?
You're my favorite thrall,
so talk as openly as you want.
Just that I'm wondering
if we might be brothers.
-I think I'm your brother.
-What are you talking about?
The story you told about your
big brother who was sold as a slave ...
That was exactly it
that happened to me.
Yes, but Karl had
an N-rune tattooed on the back.
But I know, too
a large N-rune on the back.
-What? Do you have an N-rune on your back?
-Yes, they say so.
If you have an N on your back,
you are Karl.
- Then we are brothers.
-Yes.
You're my big brother.
I have goose bumps, i.
Don't you?
Yes.
We just have to
find out right away.
No, it's very ...
I can't see if this is an N.
It might as well be an H.
It is absolutely impossible to say.
What a pity. Then we can't know
definitely. Then we must leave it at that.
Yes yes. Of course.
We can't be 100 percent sure,
is it neatest.
It's okay to try it, then.
-The piss pot is reasonably full, Kark.
-Yes of course.
Yes, so incredibly nice to see
so many near and dear ones here.
As you probably know, so
it was important to find a groom -
- who were motivated for the task,
and one who knew me best of all.
Then I made a conscious choice
and chose myself to be my fiance.
It was a very good choice, then!
Now we are looking forward, Orm.
Yes. They say
that a successful stag team -
- consists of the following ingredients:
A little spoonful of love,
a sword of friendship.
One sprinkles over some camaraderie
and a big cup of quad, -
- and finally you touch some tiny ones,
tiny clips with male talk.
- Very creative.
- Very creative, this.
So hold on, because here comes
a program that is absolutely perfect -
- for us men who like to sex
on the ladies when the swab is tight.
-I like it.
-Agree with that. Sex is very delicious.
Good.
Tick ​​off for people talk ...
Very structured and great, then.
As you remember,
then you should bring one thing -
- which reminds you
the first meeting with me.
Who will start?
Olav, you might want to ...
Yes.
I begin.
I brought that stick here.
It reminds me a lot
about you when you were a kid.
You often walked around with a stick?
Pin-Finn?
Do you remember Pinne-Finn?
Of course. Yes yes.
Stick-Finn was a good stick.
No, it ... There you really met
the nail on the head, Olav.
- I almost have to hug.
-Afterwards.
But it was ...
Next.
I have one thing for you, Orm.
After all, I usually run
with hard body work, -
- but I've used the tiny one
I have free time on a gift for you.
Instead of sleeping in a way ...
Kark. We humans have one
much higher standard than you, -
- so what can you have made that
will have the least impact on me?
No, of course, sorry.
You're absolutely right. My mistake.
Of course it's your fault.
- I'm laying flat.
Varg?
Do you think we can sit where we want?
Or do they have table cards?
If they have table cards, it is
not sure we can sit together.
Now we're missing out
the stag team too.
Would have been a nice occasion
to get to know people.
But no then.
Now, like all strangers.
You know as well as I do
is lousy to mingle and chat.
That's right.
I can't break
the chat code, that is.
Maybe I can talk about the weather?
Say I hope it doesn't happen
to be equally cool going forward and like that.
-It's always a winner.
-Yes ...
Then I go for the weather, me.
The right and the plain.
Weather and wind.
The drinking horn points,
must share their best sex tip.
That is, something you do
when sex, which the ladies dig.
As the ladies dig.
Do we have to?
- Yeah, it's cool.
-OK. Go!
Orm! Your best sex tips.
This will be good.
Yes ... The best? Not just
one of all the things I do,
- but the very best?
Yes, very, very best
as the ladies dig.
Yes, something I'm very good at -
- is to knead bread.
-OK.
- I'm really handy.
-And that's kind of good?
-Yes, I grab the teats -
- and acne and acne
all that straps and clothes can hold -
- until the milk syringe stands out,
and that's what is called climax.
That's the ultimate
a lady can experience.
Because then rinse
a cascade of lustful out.
So that's my little tip,
my little secret.
Yes. Great. Wow ...
I thought ... I wonder if we should
bick now, so we're not so tired.
It's early, it's sunny
and we've just begun.
Shall we not sit in late night hours
and bowls and drinks and the stuff there?
In a perfect world we should,
- but it's the groom who has
added this to the day before the wedding.
Oh yes. There you go.
It's almost indefensible
to drive on longer.
I wonder if I should bicker too.
It's a day tomorrow too.
At least I want to get the most out of it.
This was super fun.
We have to do that again, Orm.
Yes, tomorrow is the wedding,
but the night after that?
- Then we're probably a little tired.
-But the next day, then?
We'll see.
You're tired, aren't you?
Sleep well then.
Kark, sit there.
Sit there.
And then you laugh.
More.
(He whistles.)